Add deployments to runner role. (#191)
pulibrary/dacs_handbook: board.md

|5 points|2-3 days|
|8 points|1 week|
|13 points|Needs to be broken down into smaller tickets|

## The Board Manager Role
Every sprint a different team member rotates to the role of "board manager". This individual shares the board with the team during stand-ups and planning meetings and leads us through a discussion of the board. The board manager role should be assumed by a Team member who plans to be in the office for entire sprint. The board manager also executes a deployment of all our applications to staging and production during the course of their week as the board manager.

### Deployments as the Board Manager

> The runner executes a production and staging deploy of each of our DACS applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board manager executes a production and staging deploy of each of our DACS applications. 
```
